So now, after we've defined this F given S, let's test it out.
So in this case, sample values are going to be one for all three features,
and the subset S is just going to say,
we only want to look at feature two as if the model only knew about feature two.
Okay. So we expect because feature two doesn't
actually help with any of the models prediction,
is actually going to be a simple average of all the labels which is going to be 0.25.
Okay. Great. So we see that it's 0.25.
Let's also test the empty set.
So if S contains the set of just nothing,
then we also expect the output to be 0.25, Great.
So we see it 0.25.
Great. So now you've calculated F given S and tested it out.
So please continue on with the lesson.